xcube serve does not provide datasets after service configuration changes (#683)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

* Fixed ESA CCI example notebook. (#680)

* `xcube serve` now provides datasets after changes of the service 

>   configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  configuration while the server is running.
```

>   Previously, it was necessary to restart a service to load the changes. (#678)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previously, it was necessary to restart the server to load the changes. (#678)
```
